Add 2.15 docs for authenticated private registries (#1235)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.15/modules/en/pages/installation-and-upgrade/references/helm-chart-options.adoc

| `useBundledSystemChart`
| `false`
| `bool` - select to use the system-charts packaged with Rancher server. This option is used for air gapped installations.

| `systemRegistryInheritsPullSecrets`
| `false`

> | `bool` - Set the default value of the `system-default-registry-pull-secrets` global setting to a comma separated list of the `imagePullSecrets` used when installing Rancher. See {xref-private-registries}[Global Registry documentation] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `bool` - Sets the default value of the `system-default-registry-pull-secrets` global setting to a comma-separated list of the `imagePullSecrets` used when installing Rancher. For details, see {xref-private-registries}[configuring a global default private registry].
```
